[Music]
[Music] here now what the Lord says arise plead
here now what the Lord says arise plead
here now what the Lord says arise plead your case before the mountainous and let
your case before the mountainous and let
your case before the mountainous and let the hills hear your voice
the hills hear your voice
the hills hear your voice here o you mountains the Lord's
here o you mountains the Lord's
here o you mountains the Lord's complaint and use strong foundations of
complaint and use strong foundations of
complaint and use strong foundations of the earth for the Lord has a complaint
the earth for the Lord has a complaint
the earth for the Lord has a complaint against his people and he will contend
against his people and he will contend
against his people and he will contend with Israel o my people in what have I
with Israel o my people in what have I
with Israel o my people in what have I done to you and how have I wherein you
done to you and how have I wherein you
done to you and how have I wherein you testify against me for I brought you up
testify against me for I brought you up
testify against me for I brought you up from the land of Egypt I redeemed you
from the land of Egypt I redeemed you
from the land of Egypt I redeemed you from the house of bondage and I sent
from the house of bondage and I sent
from the house of bondage and I sent before you Moses Aaron and Miriam o my
before you Moses Aaron and Miriam o my
before you Moses Aaron and Miriam o my people remember now what veil a king of
people remember now what veil a king of
people remember now what veil a king of Moab counseled and what Balaam the son
Moab counseled and what Balaam the son
Moab counseled and what Balaam the son of Beor answered him from acacia growth
of Beor answered him from acacia growth
of Beor answered him from acacia growth to Gilgal that you may know the
to Gilgal that you may know the
to Gilgal that you may know the righteousness of the Lord
with what shall I come before the Lord
with what shall I come before the Lord and bow myself before the high god shall
and bow myself before the high god shall
and bow myself before the high god shall I come before him with burnt offerings
I come before him with burnt offerings
I come before him with burnt offerings with calves a year old will the Lord be
with calves a year old will the Lord be
with calves a year old will the Lord be pleased with thousands of rams ten
pleased with thousands of rams ten
pleased with thousands of rams ten thousand rivers of oil shall I give my
thousand rivers of oil shall I give my
thousand rivers of oil shall I give my firstborn for my transgression the fruit
firstborn for my transgression the fruit
firstborn for my transgression the fruit of my body for the sin of my soul he has
of my body for the sin of my soul he has
of my body for the sin of my soul he has shown you O man what is good and what
shown you O man what is good and what
shown you O man what is good and what does the Lord require of you but to do
does the Lord require of you but to do
does the Lord require of you but to do justly
justly
justly to love mercy and to walk humbly with
to love mercy and to walk humbly with
to love mercy and to walk humbly with your God
the Lord's voice cries to the city
the Lord's voice cries to the city wisdom shall see your name here the rod
wisdom shall see your name here the rod
wisdom shall see your name here the rod who has appointed it are there yet the
who has appointed it are there yet the
who has appointed it are there yet the treasures of wickedness in the house of
treasures of wickedness in the house of
treasures of wickedness in the house of the wicked and the short measure that is
the wicked and the short measure that is
the wicked and the short measure that is an abomination shall I can't pure those
an abomination shall I can't pure those
an abomination shall I can't pure those with the wicked scales and with the bag
with the wicked scales and with the bag
with the wicked scales and with the bag of deceitful waits for her rich men are
of deceitful waits for her rich men are
of deceitful waits for her rich men are full of violence her inhabitants of
full of violence her inhabitants of
full of violence her inhabitants of spoken lives and their tongue is
spoken lives and their tongue is
spoken lives and their tongue is deceitful in their mouths
deceitful in their mouths
deceitful in their mouths therefore I will also make you sick by
therefore I will also make you sick by
therefore I will also make you sick by striking by making you desolate because
striking by making you desolate because
striking by making you desolate because of your sins you shall eat but not be
of your sins you shall eat but not be
of your sins you shall eat but not be satisfied hunger shall be in your midst
satisfied hunger shall be in your midst
satisfied hunger shall be in your midst you may carry some away but shall not
you may carry some away but shall not
you may carry some away but shall not save them
save them
save them and what you do rescue I will give over
and what you do rescue I will give over
and what you do rescue I will give over to the sword you shall sell but not only
to the sword you shall sell but not only
to the sword you shall sell but not only you shall tread the olives but not
you shall tread the olives but not
you shall tread the olives but not anoint yourselves with oil and make
anoint yourselves with oil and make
anoint yourselves with oil and make sweet wine but not drink one for the
sweet wine but not drink one for the
sweet wine but not drink one for the statutes of our eye are kept all the
statutes of our eye are kept all the
statutes of our eye are kept all the works of Ahab's house are done and you
works of Ahab's house are done and you
works of Ahab's house are done and you walk in their counsels that I may make
walk in their counsels that I may make
walk in their counsels that I may make you a desolation and your inhabitants
you a desolation and your inhabitants
you a desolation and your inhabitants are kissing therefore you shall bear the
are kissing therefore you shall bear the
are kissing therefore you shall bear the reproach of my people
reproach of my people
reproach of my people [Music]